yeah losing my mind losing my man bitch
losing my man losing my man DJ
she knows you gotta go oh yes sorry babe
I gotta go I'm loaded in the dish turn
like a spiral and bite over your life
stores right oh I'm trying to put a
fucking day get it get it poppin key to
get it poppin
hey
I so I birds leg up to me chillin in the
clouds like a life up in luxury copeland
gang you should come enjoy the company
married an official that ain't no dummy
and I can't see you train a wittle
wittle few stray like Annie's been
talkin to a quick shot at a ver trees no
babe when we say back that thing up and
then press replay so back that thing up
in it let's replay dashes and they make
whole range of the fucking game I lost
my mind please no more Jace no mama I'm
trying yeah is she not my kind but a
nigga so drug that I'm down there blind
and I put it's all right I bet it's all
right mama can't bill me without filling
my five
on a half of destruction turned up I
don't anything so let me do my thing huh
sup self distrust refill my cup then
excuse me if I thought what the f gang
and bf gang look around look around
everybody put it through the blame it's
me my fuckin Guinea do really good nigga
Larry like you gotta do douche I do what
I say and I'm a sex addict I respond our
state hey gang let's get nasty with a
bigger than I come on it's all nine
babies next thing to cry maybe use with
your mind get your work that haha maybe
my third make you feel it is by baby if
you're not with it then I'm get off fuck
Jeff Ross cold polar bear and the North
Pole drinko chillin with the bands
hey
who's about bad
my bad